Docs: Mention the "last received item index" paradigm in the network protocol docs (#2989)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/network protocol.md

| GameMaker: Studio 2.x+        | [see Discord](https://discord.com/channels/731205301247803413/1166418532519653396)                 |                                                                                 |

## Synchronizing Items

> After a client connects, it will receive all previously collected items for its associated slot in a [ReceivedItems](#ReceivedItems) packet. This will include items the client may already have processed in a previous play session.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a client connects, it will receive all previously collected items for its associated slot in a [ReceivedItems](#ReceivedItems) packet. This will include items the client may have already processed in a previous play session.  
```

> After a client connects, it will receive all previously collected items for its associated slot in a [ReceivedItems](#ReceivedItems) packet. This will include items the client may have already processed in a previous play session.  

Reviewer 2: I would suggest `it will receive all previously received items`, instead of collected. It feels more intuitive to me, as collected seems to imply what the player actually **did**, so locations more than items.

Reviewer 2: Now that I re-read this comment, I see it repeats the word "receive" twice.
Maybe `It will get all previously received items [...] in a ReceivedItems packet`?

Author: Hm, so, the reason I went for "collected" instead of "received" here is that "received" implies "received by the client", which is not true, it will just *send everything that was found for that slot*, which could include both "previously processed in the last play session" and "found while offline after the last play session" in one packet

Author: Maybe `found`? I'm not sure

Reviewer 2: Since it's literally called a "ReceivedItems" packet, I personally still favor that word. In my mind, someone will have to understand what a received item is sooner or later anyway, so might as well rip the bandaid here.

> To ensure the client is able to reject those items if it needs to, each item in the packet will have an associated `index` argument. You will need to find a way to save the "last processed item index" to the player's local savegame, a local file, or something to that effect. Before connecting, you should load that "last processed item index" value and compare against it in your received items handling.

Reviewer: I think an example of why a client might need to do this would be helpful. Also a tense fix. Also worried this makes it more complicated though
```suggestion
To ensure the client is able to reject those items if it needs to, such as ignoring already-received items, each item in the packet has an associated `index` argument. You will need to find a way to save the "last processed item index" to the player's local savegame, a local file, or something to that effect. Before connecting, you should load that "last processed item index" value and compare against it in your received items handling.
```

Author: I have some faith here that the person looking at this will usually be working on or theorising a world implementation, such that when they read the previous sentence that says `This will include items the client may have already processed in the previous play session` that will evoke in them the thought "Oh, I need to do something about that".

Maybe you're right though and it should be even more obvious. But I think the sentence *is* getting a bit complicated at that point

Reviewer: Yeah, I worry about that too. It's probably fine as is (just do "will have" -> "has"). And if people are confused, maybe that'll prompt them to think through it, or, if not, to ask something in the server

> To make it possible to reject those items if the client shouldn't process them again, each item in the packet will have an associated `index` argument. You will need to find a way to save the "last processed item index" to the player's local savegame, a local file, or something to that effect. Before connecting, you should load that "last processed item index" value and compare against it in your received items handling.

Reviewer 3: To make it possible to reject those items, and if the client shouldn't process them again.

Reviewer 3: that sounds better when I said it aloud and I mean I automatically said that anyway

> To make it possible to reject those items if the client shouldn't process them again, each item in the packet will have an associated `index` argument. You will need to find a way to save the "last processed item index" to the player's local savegame, a local file, or something to that effect. Before connecting, you should load that "last processed item index" value and compare against it in your received items handling.

Reviewer: I think there was supposed to be a second newline here

Author: Wait, where exactly?
